readme: prepare for v1.0 (#58)
Faveod/oppen-ruby: README.md

`Wadler` is implemented on top of `Oppen`, and it provides more options than
`ruby/prettyprint`, notably:
1. [Consistent](examples/wadler_group/consistent.rb) and [inconsistent](examples/wadler_group/inconsistent.rb) breaking.
1. [Explicit breaking](examples/wadler_break_and_breakable/break.rb), which is achievable in `ruby/prettyprint` with some monkeypatching.
1. [Trimming of trailing whitespaces](examples/oppen_and_wadler_customization/whitespace.rb).
1. [Display a `String` on line break](examples/wadler_break_and_breakable/line_continuation.rb).
1. A bunch of helper methods to simplify common patterns like [surrounding](examples/wadler_utils/surround.rb) or
[separating](examples/wadler_utils/surround.rb) tokens.

## Oppen vs Wadler

`Wadler` calls `Oppen` under the hood, so it's not a separate implementation,
and it's not calling ruby's `prettyprint`.

Both implementations have their use cases:
- Oppen gives more control over tokens sent to the printer.
- Wadler gives a more _"functional"_ API, which is far nicer to work with.

That being said, both APIs in this gem can achieve the same results, especially
on consistent and inconsistent breaking.

> ## Oppen's API example

Reviewer: I would titleize all the sections.
```
## Oppen's API Example
```

1. [Explicit breaking](examples/wadler_break_and_breakable/break.rb), which is achievable in `ruby/prettyprint` with some monkeypatching.
1. [Trimming of trailing whitespaces](examples/oppen_and_wadler_customization/whitespace.rb).
1. [Display a `String` on line break](examples/wadler_break_and_breakable/line_continuation.rb).
1. A bunch of helper methods to simplify common patterns like surrounding or
separating tokens (TODO link).

## Oppen vs Wadler

`Wadler` calls `Oppen` under the hood, so it's not a separate implementation,
and it's not calling ruby's `prettyprint`.

Both implementations have their use cases:
- Oppen gives more control over tokens sent to the printer.
- Wadler gives a more _"functional"_ API, which is far nicer to work with.

That being said, both APIs in this gem can achieve the same results, especially
on consistent and inconsistent breaking.

## Oppen's API example

```ruby
tokens = [
  Oppen.begin_inconsistent,
  Oppen.string('Hello'),
  Oppen.break(', '),
  Oppen.string('World!'),
  Oppen.line_break,
  Oppen.string('How are you doing?'),
  Oppen.end,
  Oppen.eof,
]

puts Oppen.print(tokens: tokens)
# Hello, World!

> #   How are you doing?

Reviewer 2: We can use modern syntax in these examples. I will bump to v3.1 before release of v1.0.

```ruby
puts Oppen.print(tokens:)
```

```

## Wadler's API example

```ruby
out = Oppen::Wadler.new(width: 20)

out.group(indent: 2) {
  out.group {

>     out
>       .text('def')
>       .breakable
>       .text('foo')

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    out.text('def').breakable.text('foo')
```

  }
  out.parens_break_none {
    out.separate(%w[bar baz bat qux], ',', break_type: :inconsistent) { |param|
      out.text(param)
    }
  }
}

> out.group(indent: 2) {
>   out.break
>   out.nest(indent: 2) {
>     out
>       .text('puts')
>       .breakable(line_continuation: ' \\')
>       .text('42')
>   }
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
out.group(indent: 2) {
  out
    .break
    .nest(indent: 2) {
      out
        .text('puts')
        .breakable(line_continuation: ' \\')
        .text('42')
    }
}
```

> out
>   .break
>   .text('end')

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
out.break.text('end')
```

puts out.output
# def foo(bar, baz,
#   bat, qux)
#   puts \
#     42
# end
```

## More examples

More examples of the APIs usage can be found in [examples/](examples/README.md).

## Difference with Oppen's original algorithm

1. We took liberty to rename functions to make the API more modern and closer to
what we expect when writing Ruby code.  All correspondences with the algorithm
as described in Oppen's paper are noted in the comments of classes and methods.
1. We do not raise exceptions when we overflow the margin. The only exceptions
that we raise indicate a bug in the implementation. Please report them.
1. The stacks described by the algorithm do not have a fixed size in our
implementation: we upsize them when they are full.

> 1. We trim trailing whitespaces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. We support optional trailing whitespaces trim (on by default for the `Wadler` API).
```

> 1. We anchor the printing of nested groups on the screen's left margin instead
> of the last line's width.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. We added support for an additional new line anchors, see …
```

Point tho the docs/opppen… documentation showing the example.

> 1. We print `groups` more eagerly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. We added support for eager printing of `groups`; see …
```

Also point to the `docs/`

> 1. We introduced new tokens and added more customizations to the original ones.

Reviewer 2: Names.

1. In order to not indent empty lines, we indent a line before displaying its

> first `String` token instead of after the previous line break.

Reviewer 2: Not clear at all. Needs reformulation in far simpler terms.

> For more information about the original algorithm and the main differences with
> our implementation, please refer to (TODO link to oppen_algorithm.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on how Oppen's algorithm works, check out (TODO link to oppen_algorithm.md).
```
